Jenny Stigall digital Wow
I'm scared of whoever Jenny whatever it
is
I love flowers very much Oh God flowers
sand dolphin imagine if your last name
was sand Alvin
Callooh I believe was the final boss we
just bought
that's pretty much it
well
it's not over yet cuz we got some stuff
to do I got to beat the game another
four times I'm gonna record the endings
but otherwise there's not really
anything different
also we got a cool little minigame right
here
you can basically just beat some people
up as so hard it can be either form so
far so yeah
pretty interesting that's cool and we
get to listen to fruity music while
doing it
beautiful also a few special moves that
you can do like that bad actually I
think mostly the special texture so our
silhouette Zohar or is this yes what do
do to do to feed up some things again do
to do that it can actually be
interesting if you can play through the
game is so hard because I guess I would
give you a little bit more control over
your polarities it actually has a really
nice control scheme the way you control
you get the idea overall fun game takes
a little practice to get good at but
overall it's a fun game it's a challenge
but it's not too frustrating like heart
of darkness who likes to take the
difficulty level and make everything go
wrong but anyways cuz it may silhouette
mirage thank you for watching if you
enjoyed I'm gonna beat up this thing
some more all these things must be beat
enough I hope you enjoyed it not much
else to say
did you to do to do to do I'm on your
credit screen I'm flying around
doo-doo-doo-doo
so inert so whatever this is over we're
gonna go on ahead and do something we're
gonna continue on to the next finality
we have more stuff to do mostly I do
because it's the whole game I got to do
again there's five endings and one of
them is a secret one which you get
I believe when you get the other three
so we got one you got to show off the
other three and then we get a secret one
it's got a secret boss too
after that we got a few bonus things
over all this extra stuff so gonna get
this done with and there you have it
warping
and you let's just say Mountain Dew so
that's it
so you so it starts you out right here
and let's check out the status screen
basically it tells you one of five paths
completed that means we've gotten one
out of five endings just gives you
random stuff and then it loads your game
there's also an option screen but most
of the options if not all of them are
blanked out right here there's just a
few extra things that you can do
anyways aside from that got all this
stuff stage select all this stuff
there's a few extra things but we'll
show those off later so um yeah that's
all I wanted to say blah blah blah see
you all next time with the next ending
finale thing go away
alright see ya